Streamline documentation to reflect project "piper" (#875)
SAP/jenkins-library: documentation/docs/scenarios/CAP_Scenario.md

# Build and Deploy SAP Cloud Application Programming Model Applications

> In this scenario, we'll setup a CI/CD Pipeline for a SAP Cloud Application Programming Model (CAP) project, which is based on the _SAP Cloud Platform Business Application_ WebIDE Template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, we will setup a CI/CD Pipeline for a SAP Cloud Application Programming Model (CAP) project, which is based on the _SAP Cloud Platform Business Application_ WebIDE Template.
```

> In this scenario, we will setup a CI/CD Pipeline for a SAP Cloud Application Programming Model (CAP) project, which is based on the _SAP Cloud Platform Business Application_ WebIDE Template.

Reviewer 2: Should be "...for a**n** SAP...".
